also at forth calling Center
whoever with a strike even the men she
would be dead even going in the tenth
frame and he knows that you always know
the score when you're balling he's Pro
is doing that concentration that keeps
his eyes on his target all the time
any guy
situation is this Dooku ever with a
strike in the tenth and eleventh can
shut out Jim Hills if he helps get nine
spare strike 205 finish Hills strike
spirit to have a 2:05 there are many
possibilities Dave of all of us having a
tie and going into a sudden to death to
frame sudden death just drove the 10
right out key shot for Weber and shut
out Dave Hills with two strikes
some say it's Weber luck and I say it's
great ability and the man is lucky to he
just knows that he was gonna strike
that's why he is Boeing's all-time
leading money with this strike on this
fall he can shut out Jim Hills hello
once said that good luck is a lazy man's
estimate of a hard worker success
SiC Weber an 8-count with a spare will
face with 2:14 he can lose this match
the situation is this Jim Hills needs
two strikes at least to tie three to win
I'll tell you we couldn't have a more
exciting opening match and it's been
that way all week in the position around
last night there are trading positions
around
2:14 Jim Mills must have two strikes and
nine to tie all three to win this is the
biggest moment of his life with a
bowling ball in his hand anyway
it a pain look on Pam Hills
needs one more strike for a chance to
win must have the strike in the eleventh
frame it's nice of Earl Anthony to stay
home this week and give up somebody else
a chance to pay some bills
when you said luck it all went Weber's
way that kind
I'm gonna call it the weather luck of
dinner whoa
no that was really a good shot good
answer to the frag Leah strike to the
sixth that's what a veteran can do to
you Petraglia snow carries 29 his
brothers for a long time
besides with each other is he doing
something differently now Bo than he was
at the very start of the first match
he's just looser Dave he's playing the
second arrow and he's just making much
better shots there we mentioned before
he's just a part-time touring beau now
just ahead be somebody else a new winner
turns up green mages out of the fire
stone
mr. had been twice until he met the
greatest
this man is the greatest on the bone
lanes
you know when you say that bellacourt it
implies that the other guys aren't
tremendously nice guys they are all the
pro voters aren't I've said it before
but dick whoever stands out as a human
being in the White House 25 years really
my time around a professional Boeing uh
MP has been the most dominant figure in
the last six years but over the period
of 25 years I think this man has been
the steadiest and the the best performer
over the long haul Dick Weber he has
what you call class
how about that says FQ misses an easy
spare usually come back with a split
well dick whoever with powerful
concentration in his great talent and
had low angle camera that really glad to
see what's happened meant only comes
back with everything he's got forgets
about the missed and he's got a strike